LIGHTPAPER.md, before:

# Ethereum based GitHub Economy

## Basic Idea

1. Onboarding GitHub users to Ethereum.
2. Providing a decentralized tool for transfers, bounties, donations and promotions by connecting GitHub with Ethereum and other Social Media and a simplistic user interface.

## Transfers

Transfers in ETH or any ERC20 token can be made to GitHub users, projects and issues and can be released in user defined intervals. Recipients can decide what currency they receive and payments are automatically converted.

### Bounties

Funds sent to issues must be released by the maintainer to a GitHub account of choice. Funds sent to repositories can only be used as issue bounties.

## Onboarding

Any GitHub user, issue or repository can receive ETH/ERC20 payments, without knowing about this service or having an ethereum account. The involved users will be notified on GitHub and also Twitter and via email, if provided in their GitHub profile. When they register to withdraw the funds, there is no need to prefund a newly created Ethereum account. The deposits will be automatically released and the GitHub user can immediately start using the service and act in the Ethereum network.

## Promotion

One of the key aspects of the service is the bounty and promotion system. The custom ERC20 token of the service is minted through merged pull requests. That way only contributors can mint the token while on the other side they can be spend (burned) to promote issues, projects or developers.

### Twitter

The custom token can be used to promote issues, projects and developers on Twitter. Any of these can be promoted by any user but only at a certain rate, e.g. once per day. Hashtags are used as subcategories, e.g. #octobay-jobs or #octobay-issue-javascript.

### Leaderboard

The leaderboard keeps track of who minted how many tokens by submitting their merged pull requests, indicating the activity of contributors.

### Newsletter

- Automated Weekly Issue Updates
- Monthly Project & Developer Updates

### Deeplinking

Each user, issue and repository has a direct donation link following the GitHub url structure: /mktcode, /mktcode/octobay or /mktcode/octobay/issues/10

## Oracles

The service uses Chainlink nodes as oracles, that run custom external adapters while also acting as relay stations, funded from prior deposits, to provide the seamless onboarding experience.

Oracles will also be the only form of project funding. Actions that don't require oracles, won't cost more than the Etherem gas fee. While Ethereum gas costs will be the only user-facing fees, oracles will still be payed in LINK but also ETH to directly cover the gas cost and enable a more autonomous operation.

Up to ten oracles will balance out rate limitations GitHub, Twitter and other services have and ensure decentralization.

## Current Status

There is an early prototype comprising GitHub user registration, ETH transfers to GitHub users, issue deposits/withdrawals, claiming tokens for merged pull requests and spending them to pin issues and a simple UI, providing access to those features. Basic Chainlink integration is finished but further additions/improvements will come.

## Challenges

Commit message:

updated deeplink structure in lightpaper

LIGHTPAPER.md, after:

# Ethereum based GitHub Economy

## Basic Idea

1. Onboarding GitHub users to Ethereum.
2. Providing a decentralized tool for transfers, bounties, donations and promotions by connecting GitHub with Ethereum and other Social Media and a simplistic user interface.

## Transfers

Transfers in ETH or any ERC20 token can be made to GitHub users, projects and issues and can be released in user defined intervals. Recipients can decide what currency they receive and payments are automatically converted.

### Bounties

Funds sent to issues must be released by the maintainer to a GitHub account of choice. Funds sent to repositories can only be used as issue bounties.

## Onboarding

Any GitHub user, issue or repository can receive ETH/ERC20 payments, without knowing about this service or having an ethereum account. The involved users will be notified on GitHub and also Twitter and via email, if provided in their GitHub profile. When they register to withdraw the funds, there is no need to prefund a newly created Ethereum account. The deposits will be automatically released and the GitHub user can immediately start using the service and act in the Ethereum network.

## Promotion

One of the key aspects of the service is the bounty and promotion system. The custom ERC20 token of the service is minted through merged pull requests. That way only contributors can mint the token while on the other side they can be spend (burned) to promote issues, projects or developers.

### Twitter

The custom token can be used to promote issues, projects and developers on Twitter. Any of these can be promoted by any user but only at a certain rate, e.g. once per day. Hashtags are used as subcategories, e.g. #octobay-jobs or #octobay-issue-javascript.

### Leaderboard

The leaderboard keeps track of who minted how many tokens by submitting their merged pull requests, indicating the activity of contributors.

### Newsletter

- Automated Weekly Issue Updates
- Monthly Project & Developer Updates

### Deeplinks

For convenience the following deeplinks are available to prefill the send form:

```
/u/<username>
/u/<username>/<amount>

/i/<username>/<repository>/<issue>
/i/<username>/<repository>/<issue>/<amount>

/r/<username>/<repository>
/r/<username>/<repository>/<amount>
```


## Oracles

The service uses Chainlink nodes as oracles, that run custom external adapters while also acting as relay stations, funded from prior deposits, to provide the seamless onboarding experience.

Oracles will also be the only form of project funding. Actions that don't require oracles, won't cost more than the Etherem gas fee. While Ethereum gas costs will be the only user-facing fees, oracles will still be payed in LINK but also ETH to directly cover the gas cost and enable a more autonomous operation.

Up to ten oracles will balance out rate limitations GitHub, Twitter and other services have and ensure decentralization.

## Current Status

There is an early prototype comprising GitHub user registration, ETH transfers to GitHub users, issue deposits/withdrawals, claiming tokens for merged pull requests and spending them to pin issues and a simple UI, providing access to those features. Basic Chainlink integration is finished but further additions/improvements will come.

## Challenges
