README.md, before:

# OctoBay

## Local Development Setup

You need an empty postgres database named `chainlink-local` with the default `postgres:postgres` user and port 5432 (or adjust chainlink/.env.sample).

Install the repository and its dependencies.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mktcode/octobay && cd octobay && yarn
```

Start the local Ethereum node, the Chainlink node and its adapters.

```bash
yarn evm:start
yarn chainlink:node
yarn chainlink:adapters
```

Open http://localhost:6688/config in your browser and copy your Chainlink node's `ACCOUNT_ADDRESS` to your `.env` file.

```
CHAINLINK_NODE_ADDRESS=0x...
```

Now you can deploy the contracts and run the app.

```bash
yarn evm:deploy
yarn app:dev
```

### External Services

#### GitHub

You need to set up a GitHub app and provide its credentials.

```
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=...
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=...
GITHUB_APP_ACCESS_TOKEN=...
```

#### Twitter

To support Twitter posts and notifications you need to set up a Twitter app and provide its credentials.

```
TWITTER_API_KEY=...
TWITTER_API_SECRET=...
TWITTER_APP_ACCESS_TOKEN=...
TWITTER_APP_SECRET=...
TWITTER_APP_BEARER_TOKEN=...
```

#### E-Mail

To support e-mail notifications you need to provide credentials for an SMTP server.

```
SMTP_HOST=...
SMTP_USER=...
SMTP_PASS=...
```

Commit message:

implemented command to create chainlink jobs

README.md, after:

# OctoBay

## Local Development Setup

You need an empty postgres database named `chainlink-local` with the default `postgres:postgres` user and port 5432 (or adjust chainlink/.env.sample).

Install the repository and its dependencies.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mktcode/octobay && cd octobay && yarn
```

Start the local Ethereum node, the Chainlink node and its adapters.

```bash
yarn evm:start
yarn chainlink:node
yarn chainlink:adapters
```

Open http://localhost:6688/config in your browser and copy your Chainlink node's `ACCOUNT_ADDRESS` to your `.env` file.

```
CHAINLINK_NODE_ADDRESS=0x...
```

Now you can deploy the contracts.

```bash
yarn evm:deploy
yarn app:dev
```

The last step is to create the jobs for the Chainlink node. It will ask you to sign in with the email address and password you set up when first running `yarn chainlink:node` and then use the deployed oracle's address to create the jobs.

```bash
yarn chainlink:jobs:create
```

### External Services

#### GitHub

You need to set up a GitHub app and provide its credentials.

```
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=...
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=...
GITHUB_APP_ACCESS_TOKEN=...
```

#### Twitter

To support Twitter posts and notifications you need to set up a Twitter app and provide its credentials.

```
TWITTER_API_KEY=...
TWITTER_API_SECRET=...
TWITTER_APP_ACCESS_TOKEN=...
TWITTER_APP_SECRET=...
TWITTER_APP_BEARER_TOKEN=...
```

#### E-Mail

To support e-mail notifications you need to provide credentials for an SMTP server.

```
SMTP_HOST=...
SMTP_USER=...
SMTP_PASS=...
```
